latest meeting minutes, added last 2 meetings of semester 2 2022-2023, redacted pronouns (#9)
redbrick/open-governance: minutes/2023-2024/semester-2/2023-2024-semester-2.md

            - knows a lot of stuff
            - letting us choose a topic
            - hadware/cloud/career etc

>             - they is big brain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - they are big brain
```

            - going through mockup with `events`
            - provisinal event plan for event

>             - lorcan (zergless) got us in touch with john

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            -  `zergless` got us in touch with john
```

        - was on list, but not in the box
        - xl hoodie
        - only 3 xl hoodies, between bb and rb (2 blanks 1 name)

>         - guessing their was given away instead of a blank one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - guessing theirs was given away instead of a blank one
```

- :heart: Events have been stellar (except for one iirc) and the committee has a proper system in place that works, which is a massive improvement from last year. MAJOR props to our Events Officers, GDO and PRO! :+1:
- :heart: Hackerclubs have seen the most improvement in my humble opinion, they strike the balance between being relevant for first year academics and entertainment for everyone. Great job Helpdesk!

> - :heart: `sysadmin`, they has done a solid job with maintaining the services, migrating over to aperture and defining requirements and risks for services in the future. I have appreciated our chats about Redbrick.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :heart: `sysadmin`, they have done a solid job with maintaining the services, migrating over to aperture and defining requirements and risks for services in the future. I have appreciated our chats about Redbrick.
```

        - Demonware
    - EGM this week, Root Exams underway - `events`
    - Need meeting regarding tech week with Siobhán or Izzy - `events`

>     - Did Keith fix OMS event submissions with their upgrade? - `events`

Reviewer 3: could leave it doesn't really matter

>             - mcmahon, malachy, conor, `chair` helped out on friday

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            - `mcmahon`, `skins`, `cawnj` and `chair` helped out on friday
```

            - website updated
            - went down on friday/sat/sun, keeping vms active for a while

>             - happy that they is happy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - happy that they are happy
```

            - `chair` explains Dell's markups and pricings. 
            - iFixit kit application was denied, need to explain the difference between other tools
            - Analytics server will be good, should be ready in the next day or two

>             - `events` says mail not broke!  (emailed `sysadmin` while they were an eepy weepy comfy guy.) We have 2 weeks to update otherwise blacklisted but lol nvm because of basic security. 

Reviewer 4: Should this be `sysadmin`?

Author: should be events, in the original minutes it had one of the event managers

>             - `events`bie says mail not broke!  (emailed `sysadmin` while they was an eepy weepy comfy guy.) We have 2 weeks to update otherwise blacklisted but lol nvm because of basic security. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - `events` says mail not broke!  (emailed `sysadmin` while they were an eepy weepy comfy guy.) We have 2 weeks to update otherwise blacklisted but lol nvm because of basic security. 
```

        - No qs or concerns 
- ##Techweek
    - `chair` enquired to cian and ben about talk titles
    - `chair` asks whether we have two talks per day for TW: Yes from `events` - Ania needs to get back to them but `events` is confident that each day is pretty well filled up at the moment. 
    - Confusion clearance: Hackerclub should be happening in the U for TW. 
    - Arista potentially on Monday; last two slots on Monday with PWCs panels - need more panelists. 

>     - Lightning talks on Wednesday just after Ben and Cian

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Lightning talks on Wednesday just after `mcmahon` and `butlerx`
```

    - solution documented in rbadmin private on how to fix
    - will be warned not to do it again
- zeus ready to die

>     - everything important off them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - everything important off it
```

            - question topics
                - music (we will have sound system)
                - movies
                - history
                - geography
                - science
                - general knowledge
                - redbrick
                - poker
                - could do intersoc round (half redbrick, half poker)
                - celebrity round
                - 7 questions per category
                - sam can do geography, `gdo`, `vice-chair`, 
                - `ordinary-member` potential mc, can do questions if so
                - discuss further next meeting
                - `vice-chair` - contact poker soc
            
        
    - ### SysAdmin Update:
        - 404 page added 
            - proper page
            - nginx config set
            - auto do .html endings
        - soc email
            - access to redbrick
            - iss unblocked, tom
            - soc still blocked
            - soc has own blocks on redbrick
            - emailed soc (linuxadmin@computing.dcu.ie)
            - will see what happened

>             - send email to `secretary` in 3 days if it is not answered

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
            - send email to SoC secretary in 3 days if it is not answered
```

|    `helpdesk`     |    2nd     |   HelpDesk          |
|    `secretary`    |    2nd     |   Secretary         |
|    `ordinary-member`    |    2nd     |   Ordinary Member   |
|    `pro`     |    2nd     |   PRO               |
|    `events`  |    1st     |   Events            |
|    `first-year-rep`   |    1st     |   1st Year Rep      |
|    `sysadmin`  |    1st     |   SysAdmin          |

# Agenda:
> Please add your Redbrick `username` beside agenda items.
> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `secretary` with your reason.

- Check previous minutes - `secretary`

- ### Chair:
    - `sysadmin` resignation
    - SLC Voting
    - SLC AGM
- ### Vice-Chair:
    - anyone have any words from the wise for the next committee? - `vice-chair`
    - meeting for doing pub quiz questions to be organised - `vice-chair`
    - dont forget to ready handovers - `vice-chair`
- ### SysAdmins:
    - Redbrick be red teaming - *small amount of tomfoolery* - `sysadmin`
    - many docs being written - `sysadmin`
    - exams organised - `sysadmin`
    - admin bootcamp - `sysadmin`
- ### Events:
    - Dell talk tomorrow - `events`
    - No Baking PCs, very sad - `events`

>     - `chair` O' Reilly (Fun) giving talk in week 12 - `events`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - James O' Reilly (Fun) giving talk in week 12 - `events`
```

- ### PRO:
    - nothing new on my end - `pro`
- ### GDO:
    - 
- ### First Year Rep:
    - 
- ### Ordinary Members:
    - Pub quiz - open to whom? Did i use whom correctly`ordinary-member`
    - Zeus Decom - jw if when, then when? `ordinary-member`
- ### Common Room Committee:
    - Some of the sockets are not working, `events` sent an email about it. - `vice-chair`
    - Fixed this morning - `events`
- ### Points of Discussion:
    - 

# AOB:

- 
- Happy Tuesday! - `secretary`
- Have ya ever..

---

# Minutes: 

> Started at: `18:05`
> Does Committee agree on last weeks minutes: `yes`

- ## Points of Info:
    - ### Chair Update:
        - SISTEM Galway
            - UoGalway compsoc decided to run sistem 2024
            - message on sistem discord
            - Sep/Oct 2024
            - 2 members for sistem reps
                - securing speakers, sponsors, helping social media and promotion
                - based on previous years, 1 hour meeting every 2 weeks
                    - responsible for 3 companies, 3 speakers
                    - point of contact from sistem to redbrick committee
            - compsoc sistem committee in charge of it

>             - last year, we were supposed to, went to ucd in the end (c&s issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - last year, we were supposed to host it, went to ucd in the end (c&s issues)
```

            - can do in the beginning of a hackerclub
            - continue with last question
            
    - ### Webmaster Update:
        - no updates

    - ### Secretary Update:
        - newsletter sending
            - newsletter was eady to send sunday
            - last minute event added to list, needed approval and graphic
            - needed `events` to be submitted and approved to send newsletter
        - minutes format
            - need to put username in the minutes (`chair`, `secretary`, etc)
            - used to redact info for right to be forgotten
            - try and keep minutes professional
            
    - ### PRO Update:
        - no updates
        
    - ### GDO Update:
        - no updates
            
    - ### First Year Rep Update:
        - no updates
        
    - ### Ordinary Member Update:
        - pub quiz
            - asking about pub quiz
        - zeus decom
            - ideally same day as tagging of open goverance
        
    - ### Common Room Committee Update:
        - sockets
            - was fixed this morning
            - flipped switched in circuit box
            - `sysadmin` called the common room the goon cave
    

> - ## Points of Discusion:
>     - 
> 
> - ## AOB:
>     - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If you cannot attend the meeting, please inform `secretary` with your reason.

- Check previous minutes - `secretary`

- ### Chair:
    - `sysadmin` resignation
    - SLC Voting
    - SLC AGM
- ### Vice-Chair:
    - anyone have any words from the wise for the next committee? - `vice-chair`
    - meeting for doing pub quiz questions to be organised - `vice-chair`
    - dont forget to ready handovers - `vice-chair`
- ### SysAdmins:
    - Redbrick be red teaming - *small amount of tomfoolery* - `sysadmin`
    - many docs being written - `sysadmin`
    - exams organised - `sysadmin`
    - admin bootcamp - `sysadmin`
- ### Events:
    - Dell talk tomorrow - `events`
    - No Baking PCs, very sad - `events`
    - `chair` O' Reilly (Fun) giving talk in week 12 - `events`
    - AGM; any details need to be ironed out? - `events`
    - Pub quiz questions need a google doc - `events`
    - poker soc @ pub quiz?  - `events`
    - So long and goodnight, it's been a pleasure - `events`

- ### Treasurer:
    - 
- ### HelpDesk:
    - exam is good to go for tomorrow `helpdesk`
    - exam between 3 and 4 - `helpdesk`
    - hackerclub tomorrow about DevOps

> - ### Webmaster:
>     - 
> - ### Secretary:
>     - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- ### PRO:
    - nothing new - `pro`
    - taking care of devops announcement (hopefully with no mistakes) - `pro`
- ### GDO:
    - bye bye!

> - ### First Year Rep:
>     - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- ### Ordinary Members:
    - Would prefer to do the quiz itself, but can MC if you like : ) `ordinary-member`

> / my nama jeff

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- ### Common Room Committee:
    - REDBRICK RADIO

> - ### Points of Discussion:
>     - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# AOB:

- Farewell trumpet send-off to the committee - `secretary`
- C&S Award tickets tommorrow - `sysadmin`
- All the best to everyone in the future! - `events`
- Happy Tuesday, Sad last meeting! - `secretary`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

            
- ## Points of Discusion:
    - C&S Awards tickets tomorrow
        - 10am, €30 cash only, steps of the U
        - need name, email, student number

- ## AOB:
    - no updates
    
- ## Action Items:
    - `vice-chair`, sam, `gdo` - working on quiz questions
    - `vice-chair` - sort out google doc for quiz questions
    - `chair` - update `chair` doc to say that order of roles is through constitution definitions
    - all - work on handovers

# Retrospective:
    
- ### Chair Update:
    - SAD LAST MEETING NOISES

- ### Vice-Chair Update:
    - MARGINALLY UPSET LAST DAY NOISES (the margin is very big)
    - Gowan goodluck goodnight and godbless to all the 4th years. - `vice-chair`
    - we've formed a solid basis with the first years, hopefully that carries through to next year. - `vice-chair`
        
- ### SysAdmin Update:
    - Mail didn't break (yet) - `sysadmin`
    - Hedgedoc go brrr - `sysadmin`
    - Minecraft great success - `sysadmin`
    - Zeus be dying, I be crying - `sysadmin`
    - Still 2 key needed for handover - `sysadmin`
    - Imma miss you guys 🥹- `sysadmin`
    - EGM exam smooth (VMs all good) - `sysadmin`
    

> - ### Events Update:
>     - 
>             
> - ### Treasurer Update:
>     - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

            
- ### Helpdesk Update:
    - hackerclub been going good. - `helpdesk`
    - no problems recently so thanks god - `helpdesk`
    - sadge time for last meeting :( - `helpdesk`
    - the year went great, fair play to everyone -`helpdesk`
    - maybe we should've all topics ready but oh well... - `helpdesk`
    - great attendance and great year it has been, what a pleasure. nice working with u `helpdesk` o7 - `helpdesk`
    - Been a great year and I've enjoyed all the times in hackerclub, the committee, and nubar. Great work `helpdesk`, its been a pleasure. Godspeed you magnificent bastards o7 `helpdesk`
            

> - ### Webmaster Update:
>     - 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- ### Secretary Update:
    - emails be emailing - `secretary`
    - minutes be minuting - `secretary`
    - sad last meeting :( - `secretary`
    - redbrick on top this year, well done to all, it's been great - `secretary`
    - minecraft server very nice - `secretary`
    - really enjoyed my time on redbrick this year, all the committee stuff, `events`, nubar committee pints and all the redbrick lore, its been a great year!
            
- ### PRO Update:
    - redbrick number 1 - `pro`
    - last meeting :( - `pro`
    - posts have come out with 95% perfection (we don't talk about tonight, ssh) and I thank everyone for their help - `pro`
    - Great work working with everyone, you're all stars and amazing people, stay strong :) - `pro`
        

> - ### GDO Update:
>     - 
>             
> - ### First Year Rep Update:
>     - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
